Fix opa_cli and opa_api resource unable to verify empty result {} (#5671)
chef/inspec: docs-chef-io/content/inspec/resources/opa_api.md

The following examples show how to use this Chef InSpec audit resource.

    describe opa_api(url: "localhost:8181/v1/data/example/allow", data: "input.json") do

>       its["result"] { shoule_not be nil }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      its(["result"]) { should_not be nil }
```

We should probably be consistent with parenthesis here.

## Properties

### result

> The `result` property checks whether query output is nil.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `result` property checks whether the resource query returns an empty result.
```
